And also a member of the Armed Services Committee,
and the morale of the United States Army in this world today,
as a matter of vitality.
And also a member of the Armed Services Committee,
and the morale of the United States Army in this world today,
as a matter of vitality concerned to me,
I thought it only proper that I should tell this committee,
and also a member of the party that I had had these conversations
with the Secretary of the Army.
The chair is helpless to remark just made by his colleagues
and come under the heading of a point of personal purpose,
rather than a point of order.
I think it's your not-affecting the question.
I will take any point that the chairman will let me take,
which will get the facts on the table.
Yes, I hope you will entitled to be heard
under the final personal privilege your name has been mentioned,
and I take it you are not lodging your protest against the asking of the question.
Any questions which will bring out any truth,
which will protect the distant mile procedures,
and these issues,
is exactly what I have been trying to get,
and hopefully we will get in these areas.
From the car if you will proceed then,
and direct your questions to these conversations.
We will provide to the point of issue,
whether or not they had anything to do,
with the investigation of the charges,
which you are the thing that we should protect the great justice I just want.
Mr. Chairman, it's a well-striped piece of the summative description
of the conversation having to do with the drifter incident,
clearly told them outside the spoke of the limited inquiry that were now engaged on.
We can determine that I presume as the secretary of the proceed
with the answering to the questions that they have not yet announced.
I would like to go ahead and talk to them.
I final mean, to want to infer that these conversations only had to do with General Twicker.
These conversations had to do with Secretary Steven's opinions
to what was happening to the United States Army.
As a member of the armed services committee, I was a grad,
I was glad to receive any comments that he had,
and I was glad to talk to him about it.
I just didn't want the council for the secretary to think that in any way
these conversations were limited to General Twicker.
Thank you for that time, Mr. Chairman.
Still remains true, I think, to the outside of the scope of inquiry
about the first release of the Secretary of State last week.
If I'm wrong, of course, we want to hear.
At no time since it was decided to have these hearings,
have I been in touch directly or indirectly
in any way, shape or form with Secretary Steven
over any other principle in these hearings except Senator McCarthy,
and Mr. Cohn, and you and the others when they came before this committee
in executive hearings or open hearings.
Just to just send him a taxi proceed with his questions,
and Mr. Roach was on the signing dinner or anybody else
who had the table ready to the point of order,
and we'll discuss the particular point of order with its relationship
to this specific question.
Man, I've said before I ask the question.
And if there's any objections from the part of any senator,
who were I asking Mr. Steven's about conversation
we had with Sub-Sunders, I will do this.
I think that I should not have this time with a conversation
with the sub-Sunders in question objects by a gallery
of under-affirmative and other objects.
So...
You wrote for a key to this question?
Find out whether I have questions or not,
what direction do I have?
But Senator, a key to this question I would be addressing me.
Yes, my pleasure, that is.
If you or any senator have objects tomorrow
requesting the Secretary about some of the things
that he's had with you, I shall do this.
I think so, over it's important for me to ask him questions.
That's all there not the conversation with you.
Had anything to do with the issues of the charges.
I'd like to get that simple answer from the Secretary.
And I understood you did not object to this.
Well, D.V., in his might to you detail his senator,
I would like to say that I, myself, ask the Secretary of the Army
to give me the charges that it has made with respect to Mr. G. David's advice.
Can I go on now as much as you can?
Just a minute. You've pointed out that I want to tell you the fact.
And on the telephone, I discussed that with it.
And later, I received a letter from somebody in the Army.
I do not believe it was the Secretary stating that in accordance
with the request of Senator Potter,
they were furnishing me the report with respect to Mr. G. David Chines.
So I believe that covers that point.
However, I want to bring out another point.
And that is, if I had any conversations with the Secretary of the Army,
they, for his testimony, those conversations would be monitored along with your words,
your principles and the other members of this committee.
And for some days, I have been trying to get those monitored conversations
before the public. That's the chips full of where they may.
And therefore, it seems to me, a little incongruous,
to be discussing one or two of the monitor conversations,
and not all of them, all of them in the chronological order
that you requested, they be in, in the beginning.
So, there are no doubt for me.
Mr. Duff left the mind of anyone else to be request to the monitor,
so it's all happened before Republican members of this committee
that have requested that their monitor conversations be made available
to the Chief Council with the Jenkins,
the cost and the roles, that's all enough they could be put in evidence,
Mr. Walts, your someone with the questions of security,
I understand that with the Jenkins of mid-arrangement,
we've not over the monitor conversations with the Delta department,
as far as what to be deleted.
And what's in place with the, to reduce the interfering with any security regulations,
I know all of the Senator from Missouri,
from the signing to realize this.
So, unless until he does the plain thing that the Republican senators have done,
Mr. Jenkins, you not to miss those with just the department,
you not even miss a security matter.
And the entire process of getting one of her telephone calls into signing,
I sincerely hope that any Democrat members who have had phone calls,
both the Defense Department,
length of time, type of request that we did,
so Mr. Jenkins can have the phone call.
In the meantime, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Chairman,
Mr. Chairman, you plan to vote it?
I have a point of whatever you would like to have at these.
I would like to make some comments with respect to those comments.
Chair, believe we should proceed with the question well then.
The comments are on the table, we're not going to make one.
Mr. Chairman, I rise to a point of personal privilege.
So, Mr. Chairman, when we first signed a paper,
according to Senator Potter, and according to him,
who told me, according to my understanding,
we were signing a paper which took these calls into the public record we thought.
It developed that what we signed simply gave the right
to the Jenkins and his councils, Senator McCarthy and his councils,
and the Army, Senator Secretary Stevens and his councils to look at the call.
I understand at all three have looked at some of the calls.
Now, there was a general feeling around that because they had signed that paper
to the public expenditures which did not in any way prophesied,
predict or stipulate that the calls would be made public.
Nevertheless, there was a general feeling that because they had signed it,
the calls would be made public, and because they hadn't signed it,
the calls wouldn't be made public.
Now, I do not want to discuss what happened in executive sessions with respect
to the telephone conversations unless it becomes necessary.
Therefore, I say first, I am very glad now to have Senator McCarthy
ask any question of any kind that he would like to ask
of the Secretary of the Army with respect to any discussions of any kind
that I've ever had with him at any time in the last 50s been on the job.
I have had no discussions with him of any kind since it was decided to hold his hearing
when I want to remind the chair and April Council that we are now going in
to the discussion of monitor telephone conversations in unilaterally,
despite the fact that the only people to the best of my knowledge
who's dying anything with respect to publishing those telephone calls
are the senators on the Democratic side of this committee.
That's the direct direct at that point, the chair would like to say.
He has written a letter to Council Wilk,
a special delivery to him at his office,
in closing the statements signed by the Democrats,
and calling a text into the statements which we signed as his suggestion by the Republicans.
And instead, Mr. Wilk, we hope that you can interpret this to be adequate
to deliver these monitored telephone calls and response to us to be neat to Council thinks.
Mr. Wilk told me this morning he had been in Boston,
while he arrived last night, he did not go to his office until this morning.
He has not had a time to read my letter and to make a reply to it.
Just as soon as he does, the chair will act in conformity with that letter.
If he says as I hope he can, this is enough,
we can deliver them to Council Jenkins, so be it.
If he doesn't say that, the chair hopes he will be in writing,
so what have it in the record, say exactly what he does want to have that.
I'm Mr. McCrack.
Just before I ask the press to Mr. Secretary,
could I have this cleared up in the work of I understand that
Council Jenkins already has all of the monitored telephone calls of any Republican members,
Mr. Coling, Mr. Carb, Mr. Nunn, with the Democratic members,
Mr. Wittler, I don't think that's correct, but you can ask the Council.
I think that's an error.
So that's right, Mr. Wittler.
Mr. Chairman, we have only the monitored telephone calls between the Army and the McCarthy staff.
Those are been examined by Mr. Wittler,
which is passed by the Committee staff and by the committee.
And also the conversation with the committee.
So, the government is very correct.
I think you only got that said enough.
The monitoring team is not doing it for the committee.
You may say that it's the California committee.
Those monitor telephone calls that you have in your discussion
are now available for the inspection of other members of this committee.
Under the orders of two analysts, under the conservative agreement,
Mr. Chairman, I'm trained in Senator McCrack.
We have specific concerns on the part of Mr. Wittler and on the part of the Army.
To disclose those monitors and records to myself, to Senator McCrack's committee,
and to Chancellor Farley Army, that is the limit of the permission given us
by the Army and by the McCarthy staff.
There was no consent given to those monitored records.
What we've shown to the committee is the whole.
I want to make it perfectly clear Senator McCrack,
that as far as I am perfectly, personally concerned,
I would be happy for each member of this committee to see those calls and those records.
But to say, I have only this consent to see those myself
in the presence of Mr. Colman and Mr. Wittler.
Is that right, Mr. Wittler, as you understand me?
Well, I don't know as a moment what the typewriter says, Mr. Jenkins.
I'm sure that you know and that every member of this committee knows
that it is the desire of the Army and the Mr. Adams to have every monitor telephone call
between the Secretary's office.
The Senator McCrack is staffed,
and if you gentlemen, waste a call between the office and you senators,
admit it in evidence in this hearing,
and we will find any sensible piece of paper that accomplishes that result.
I am under the impression we have already found such a paper,
but in any event we stated repeatedly in this room that that is the result we desire.
Mr. Wittler, I don't believe you answer my question.
You state that it is your desire to chose to put in the record.
How we understand that perfectly,
but I am asked to Senator McCrack,
why the members of the committee,
these seven members have not seen those monitors calls and the record office.
My answer to him was,
that I had your consent in the consent of the McCarthy side of this controversy.
For me as General Counsel for the committee,
for you representing the Army,
and for Mr. Cohn representing Senator McCrack is a seat of those calls,
and that there was no sense that they'd be shown that the members of the committee is that correct.
I will let Mr. St. Claire answer that,
he's got the government that they have to see if the members are incorrect and you answer the questions.
I hope that I...
I'm going to hear his number.
My memory is that the tankers that we produced those calls,
the question arose as to whether or not the adverse party would be willing that they go in evidence before they had a chance to look at them,
and the answer that I recall was that they would not be willing.
We then agreed that at least we should agree that you could see them.
It was no effort on the part of the Army to limit their distribution.
If there was any such effort, it came from the other side of the table.
There was no agreement on the part of the Army that they carried out the members of this committee to see them.
We're perfectly having an hour and a word there.
In that case, you're willing to do it now, and what is that?
And you were there, and what did you say, go there? Absolutely.
And you will recall the other side of the table through the morning.
Very well.
Very well. Now, Senator McCrack says that, thanks for your questions.
I do not have the permission according to Mr. St. Pag.
I'll just be calling and send them a card to the show you those monitors are available now.
But I repeat that personally, I was not today.
I cannot wait to face with an agreement that I have made with what I want to ask with what another question now.
All of the other monitor telephone calls,
was members of what's committed to the show,
were the parties who were started with it?
I have not seen them. They have not out.
They have not been delivered.
Now, as we can say, well, all the time,
Mr. Welfke has time to answer the other I can see him last week,
because he was in love.
I'm sure that by tomorrow morning, Mr. Welfke will have a reply to that letter.
I'm perfectly willing to say this to Sarah when I have a full meeting.
I have a lot of details about the message you sent to me this morning.
And it does not give this committee the right to see any of them.
For that reason, when I did not agree to it,
I'm willing to be committed to have all of them and for every one of them,
irrespective of who they are to go in the right to not find the message about effect this morning.
Mr. Sharon, I would like to share it to myself to say that when Senator St. Pagnes introduced the paper this morning,
I thought it unlocked all doors.
But I spoke to Councillor Favreau, the minority member,
before we started after lunch, and pointed out to him that I thought the phasing of it was not quite happy
to receive the message to resolve that this table would like to be achieved.
Sharon would like to say very much that I would just continue waiting for the conversation,
which is very time consuming.
Mr. Welfke, I'm sure that I wrote you last week,
but he assured me, he would answer the morning as per season's request.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, before we just look at this telephone call,
now we've treated this as a mayor's project.
It seems to me that every one of these is individual in charge of it.
And Mr. Welfke, if you get us some good Boston language that will follow the junior senator's
ability to divide and bequeath all the calls that I may have made,
get them out of the table you can put them in the record right now.
Now I see no virtue in signing a mass document with everybody's name on it.
You are free to release any telephone call that I have made,
and your free to read in this room is the farest I'm concerned.
And if everybody else wants to do likewise, that's all I can say.
And if nobody wants to do it, it's too all right with me.
So you can bring them on and put them in the record because as a general conversation,
telephone calls are not very revealing enough.
I don't think there's much paper.
And if there are any questions please.
I'll see what we're talking about now.
Anything but telephone calls.
Mr. Stavins, I understand you had several telephone conversations with Mr. Stavings
and before these charges were made public.
Is that correct or given to the senator?
Yes, I talk with Senator Stavings, but not a number of subjects.
Mr. Stavings.
Senator Stavings.
You're playing a word?
I have a point of something.
I want to point out to the chair and to Edmund and Council that now disliked the fact that some of us have signed a general lease of all mon of the telephone calls
without a lot of legal double talk around them.
And some happen that the chair is now permitting senator from Wisconsin to interrogate the witness with respect to some of the telephone calls and not all of them.
If the chair and the council think that proper, it's all right with me because I certainly have never said anything with respect to the army, to the secretary of the army that I won't stand behind.
Now, desire to make this statement to a reference to the statement just made by the senator from Missouri.
The senator from Missouri is under the impression that the calls to his conversation with the secretary of the army was public that monitors all his conversations with the board monitors.
The secretary should not be, you know, be quick in the mouth, then.
That is the point that, besides the point, the very fact that they were monitors does not preclude the secretary of the army from testifying the reference to those conversations.
The man who did the monitoring should not come into court and testify before this committee without, of course, the consent of senator signings.
The fact that they are monitors does not in any way, as the secretary is from the voting, the content of those conversations with the committee, that they are relevant to the person's issue and that is whether or not senator signings and made any suggestions or had any influence with the secretary in the preparation to release the means of service.
The inquiry being contained with the government, Mr. Chairman, I would like to point out that the best evidence of what is going to be asked of the memory of the secretary of the army will be in the monitor's conversations themselves.
I also don't like to say that at no time and no way did I ever suggest that any charge is where to be made against anybody.
Mr. Secretary.
I'm in the department.
If you have been questioned, of course, in detail, if there is any conversation you might have had with me, I'm now questioning you about some conversations with some resigning them.
I can put it up completely proper. I don't think that one senator has any special problems in other senator's about now.
The person is this.
No more ones did you have conversations with some resigning them prior to the issuance of the charges against phone car and repair.
I've been talking to the senator signings for many times. I've tried to take office.
And that's what's prior to the issuance of the charges.
How many of those conversations do you have to do with the charges against Mr. Cone's or car against me?
I personally recall it coming up only one time.
I want to be telephone conversation.
The telephone conversation that I remember were on a slightly different subject.
In other words, you had no telephone conversation with some resigning them.
So had anything to do with the charges against Mr. Cone, I can't say that senator.
I just don't remember right at the moment. Could have been mentioned.
Would you have any ideas for how many times in telephone conversations you could have mentioned Mr. Cone's and the charges against Mr. Cone's?
I referred the times before the charges were made public.
Well, I would think it would be very, very limited.
I don't want to pin you down if your memory is bad. Would you say one time, two times, five times?
I'm sure it wasn't five times.
I don't remember any of it on the telephone, but it could have been mentioned.
Now, when you came up to see Mr. Cone's and did you discuss the last time the charges against Mr. Cone or just me?
I think I'm one occasion that was mentioned.
I came up to see senator Cone's and then in regard to the general's work or case.
When you discuss the...
My recollection is that before I left the office, the subject of Cone and Cone came up.
Was Mr. Cone's and only a million that famous?
Well, that was on...
My memory is correct, but then I'm about the 19th of February.
So, that was...
He was on the committee, wasn't he at that point?
I'm in the comments, I was in charge of the...
I'm in charge of the committee on the 26th of January.
So, you're out of your mind?
And did you discuss with Mr. Cone and the President of the other night you were going to make public charges against your own?
I don't recall having to step back.
In other words, you don't recall ever having to discuss with Mr. Cone and the President of the other night you'll make public decisions.
I don't recall that. I certainly know that the Senator Cone and the President had nothing to do whatever with what finally transpired.
I wouldn't even remotely excuse him if he hadn't used it.
Did you tell him that I was in charge of the committee?
No, I don't think so.
Did you tell any of the charges of the committee that were being prepared?
I don't think so.
Do you know...
Do I know?
I'd say, and I remembered one case I'm talking with Senator Simon, it doesn't matter.
Cone and Sean, I don't remember anything about any charges.
Mr. Chairman, this morning, I call the Secretary of the Attention of the Facts that his talk to money under oath on two different occasions was directly opposite.
I pointed out that unless he had a bad memory, this would mean that Treasury was convicted.
That Treasury in one case or the other, he resented that very much.
Now, if the death was improper and it was untrue, of course it would be improper, but true it's not improper for us to be in touch with the testimony.
All the Secretary is on the stand and see if he agrees with me that it's completely contradictory.
But one time, either was in error, and I assume that's what it is.
I assume he was in error, I conceded memories in great bad.
Mr. Chairman, or that there was a Treasury, it helped me one of the others.
I shall now read the testimony and ask the Secretary to carry the comment on it.
I have a point of order, the record is the record.
If this distinguished witness has committed surgery, the record goes to the department.
You know, just to the Attorney General's office for a corporate action, there is no point in contrasting what it says on one page now, what it says on another, that's to the Attorney General.
The Chair is unable to anticipate the question about to be asked by the Secretary of the Attorney General's Council and will have to wait until the question is asked before he can do on the point of order.
I'm going to ask the Secretary when to read to your testimony.
From page 14 and in 1949, on page 6, 1964, the Secretary of the Attorney General's Office, did you order them for that?
We're referring to charges against other times. Answered? No, sir. I did not order them for that.
Then, May 24, 1954, page 32, 14, Secretary Steven, the responsibility for these charges being put out is mine complete plate. From the Secretary.
You just told me you ordered them put out for Secretary. Now, did you or did you not? Secretary Steven, just the idea.
The Secretary, when did you order them put out? Are you 50 corrects? Secretary Steven, Mr. Welles, when was the last time you said 50 corrects?
Good, you can have a big deal back and get out of the office. I paid Mr. Welles, was it just 32? No, it's not.
The Secretary, page 32, 14. Let me get the complete transcript. The time out of the work.
The wireless time is out. Let's return to our studios across the country to permit our stations to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.
The Miami was national headquarters for the month until the police drove out the beehive.
Smash the horseroom. Fire back at the murder man and chop the big shots into the sea.
See the Miami story in out the paramount theater times where?
All they heard me drove back to you. The heavyweight man of that embossing from Eastern Parkway to the night of camp. Now, I'll just look at all his seven.
Secretary Steven, yes sir I did. The question, when did you order them put out? Secretary Steven, well we put them out. We sent them up to the committee here. I think it was on the 10th of March.
I want to say to Mr. Welles, so when he said I skipped the question, he is an error. If I skipped the question, having read it to me.
The last one, Senator, that I thought you skipped, I may have been an error sir.
Well, there's now a meeting just that there's no skipping of questions and let's proceed.
Will the reporter read back my original question? I don't like to be accused of skipping your question.
Mr. Welles, we track should I understand the obligation to skip the question? Am I right Mr. Welles? I do. I don't know whether you did or not. I was under the impression that I would not wish to do you at all.
Thank you very much. Well, the record stands no question was skipped. Christy, please.
Last month was this morning, later this morning, and said 34. 34.
Did you got that transcript of the phone? Were they 32 to 34?
Mr. Welles, are you getting a little? I'm sure of it. Mr. Welles, I'm sure of that sir and I'm very sorry if this has taken so long.
The question is, who did give the order? You were deaf when I was here the last time Mr. Welles, I went to a place where you were going to ask questions.
I heard them put out. That was a question by Senator McCarty.
Then I heard that the answer was 38. And the morning, the officer, I just know I was going to put out first and then Mr. Corm.
And I'll explain that at least 25 times.
It is not of the money, 6. And Mr. Corm, Mr. Steven says now, for 50 to 50, the testimony of May 6.
Mr. Steven says no further than put out. Because the morning, when he says yes sir, I heard.
We did not put the money. One hour later, I can see. I must throw up my hand and see nothing to be gained.
Curious.
Mr. Chair, I understand you've included your committee in the council.
Your dismiss. Mr. Steven, the thing that you were applying to about the public report.
If you will do that, it's possible that we can dismiss you from.
Mr. Chairman, when we call Mr. Steve Corm.
You were dismissed because of the spending. I was not on the point.
So you continue to testify and go to the council.
I'm going to make up.
That's the question that the adam, that the conclusion of your testimony, they are asked you specifically.
The responsibility shifted from the actions regarding this controversy.